Update embedded-login.md (#109839)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/embedded-login.md

- The URI must be trusted and owned by your application.
- The URI must use the https scheme.  
- The full URI of the web app must be specified. Wildcards are not supported.

> - B2C Journey Framing allows only 2-7 characters domain name to align with commonly recognized TLDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **JourneyFraming** element only allows site URLs with a **two to seven-character** Top-level domain (TLD) to align with commonly recognized TLDs.
```

Reviewer: @shwetamathur7
